Add documentation for chain/isValidPublicAddress (#762)
iron-fish/website: content/documentation/rpc/chain/is_valid_public_address.mdx

---
title: chain/isValidPublicAddress
description: RPC Chain | Iron Fish Documentation
---

> Gets if a given public address is valid

Reviewer: nit

```suggestion
Checks whether a given public address is valid
```
